Let's continue working on our application in the pages folder on the main page where we start let's
get rid of the content we have in there right now.
Let's get rid of the entire script and Style section therefore because I want to start from scratch
there and build a nice landing page for our blog.
Now how would such heavy landing page look like.
Typically what we need to have a wrapping diff because view components must have only one root element.
I'll give that a class of home page but the name is totally up to you now in there we might have a class
section with a class intro or ever you like where we might have at age one tech where we have some greeting
sentence.
Our main theme of the web page whatever you want Hirose get the latest tech news.
Now below that starting section we could have another section where we simply have some featured posts.
Let me add an appropriate CSSA class now in here I want to have a list of well my posts I want to show.
And on this page of course I want to show the full post.
Just let's say the title and some preview text in.
Obviously each post should be a link so I can add my next link here.
And leads to let's say slash posts slash and then whatever ID we have here.
So therefore two will actually be bound to a dynamic value with a colon in front of it or be bind in
front of it.
Whichever syntax you prefer then we need to wrap the text in single quotation marks.
But now we can also add some dynamic value like one for example.
Now we'll revisit this to actually get this value dynamically and not hardcoded in there.
So this is now my link and I want to wrap.
Let's say an article element.
So a normal h him l element that is where I give it a class of post.
Reveal maybe and in which I have let's say a div which I'll use to display some thumbnail for the post
with a background image.
So let's give Does a class of post thumbnail and below that we could have a deth with a class of post
content where we let's say have age one tag with the post title and where we don't all have a paragraph
with their preview text so not the full text just a short preview snippet.
This could be a single post.
Of course we typically not just have one.
So I will copy and paste as to also have a post which leads to post 2 with the post titled who approve
it takes to again will dynamically generate this soon.
Now if we do that and we go back to our starting page we actually see our posts here and if it clicked
then I'm taking to the detail page.
The styling is a bit off though so let's add some styling here.
For Degel at the Styles section and will also scope that styling here to only apply to this component.
And I already prepared some styles so you again find them attached to this video.
Just paste them in.
We got styling for the entire post preview container to give it a border and a little bit of baulks
shadow to give it this card like look.
And then we got Stahl's for the different parts in that cart.
So now this is what a post preview looks like.
We've got these huge cards here.
You can zoom out a bit here to make it a bit easier to see.
Now the styling is a bit off because we don't have thumbnails so let's quickly search an image.
We want a display here.
I simply searched for a tech on google images and now simply pick any image you like or search for anything
you like.
You're totally free to use whatever you enjoy.
In my case I ended up taking a specific image which I now simply apply Bligh's setting on these posts
here on these diff which should host the thumbnail by setting the style equal to background image.
You are L and then suddenly entered a u r l u grepped pointing to the image you want to load.
If you do that you see the image here on the first post.
Now I will simply duplicate that entire diff to the second post.
And of course that means I use the same image there but now it looks a bit nicer.
Now we need more styles to adjust the positioning of our post cards though because right now they're
a bit ugly to be honest.
The same is true for our starting sentence here for that I provided more styles attached to this video
which you should also grab and which you now can simply enter into that scoped styling down there.
So if you enter this content that we're at a Stahl's I added here with all the media Querrey also then
it looks like this if you reload it and Deira should grab the close to post proof class and move it
from the article to the next link.
Same for the second post.
And with that we should end up with a nicer display that's also responsive.
So this is now how we can display the posts.
Still we get no header and so on but it is an improvement already.